hey guys welcome to another episode of
that creative life where we explore
creative people or creative topics and
today I am introducing you to my friends
that I met a long time ago in Nashville
Tennessee I used to live in Nashville I
want to introduce you to Sarah and
Mattias new places have you lived in the
past two years so we live in Nashville
lifting on this right salon Florida then
back to Switzerland and now we're here
in New York five six three countries
[Music]
ain't nothing fix fix Sarah at a meet-up
that I had actually in Nashville
Tennessee what were you guys doing when
you were living in national what was
like that life was like like suburb life
I was working for Fred like an
investment back
in downtown Nashville and you were just
at home and I said you know okay you
have your corporate job I'll find some
little side projects I can work on and
you kind of made enough money that I
could take some time to myself and kind
of see where it went but in reality I
ended up super bored after a few months
times like Matias we got to get out of
here I'm not ready for those I just
lifestyle and doing this time like you
are always like taking at YouTube videos
and you really wanted to do it and then
once he had the meet up she came home
I'm starting today when I was living in
Nashville Tennessee it was right after I
kind of got a bump on YouTube so I found
myself with this audience of like a
hundred thousand people I was so stoked
I was having meetups left and right I
feel like and I met Sarah she was 1 out
of 15 people with a lot of big hopes and
dreams but she really stood out and the
fact that I met her she said I'm just
gonna start my youtube channel I'm super
stoked for it she started at 0 and is
now at 120,000 subscribe it's insane
it's just insane kara what is your
YouTube channel about there's always a
tough question but I guess the easiest
thing you could say is that it's a
lifestyle channel a little bit of travel
just how we live how we organize our
life we do minimalism content every now
and then vegan stuff every now and then
a little bit of everything I'm just all
about stuff that I'm into
[Music]
there you live many places I have it New
York on your top 3% yeah as of right now
my favorite place probably in the world
this is with sterling anywhere in
Switzerland then I really like this area
and then probably my home town in
Wisconsin Wisconsin Wisconsin all of
Mattias this family is from yeah like
he's a purebred so it's like if you say
you know your grandma swiss and her
grandma was swiss and his grandma was
swiss and everybody's grandma sweats
he's as sweet as they come guys where
are we our new apartment
[Music]
so there's this quote I don't know who
said it or how it goes exactly but it's
something like if you knew you were
gonna die tomorrow would you go do what
you're about to do today if the answer
is no too many days in a row it's
probably time to reevaluate some things
and that quote just speaks to me you
guys because I feel like that really is
where I am in my life we kind of decided
to take the ultimate leap of faith the
other my husband he quit his job we're
moving out of our apartment giving away
everything that we own and basically
buying two one-way tickets to Europe so
we had about 4,000 subscribers when we
left Nashville anyway yeah between four
and eight thousand subscribers last
August in 2016 and we said like that
lets go away I realized it was a good
idea
so last August we moved over to
Switzerland again and three years before
we lived in Florida Nashville and in
Wisconsin and we worked really hard we
worked about 50 to 70 hours a week three
jobs I was working as a bartender
carpenter and a ski instructor at one at
one time it was not easy it was really
hard but those years of saving of really
hustling and doing nothing glamorous
doing nothing that requires any sort of
education or anything like that just
pure hard work those savings are kind of
what allowed us to take the jump because
if we wouldn't have had that if we would
have had a bunch of debt and
responsibilities I don't think it would
have been so easy just to kind of follow
our intuition which was telling us to go
all-in on YouTube and social media and
head back to Europe and see where things
go if we hadn't put the work in it
wouldn't have been possible at all
all of this traveling and moving and
things that we got into really led us
into Lavina more simple lifestyle and we
do talk about that
a lot yeah we have two big suitcases and
to carry on some cases and everything
what we own is in there that's it
except now we just got our lovely
apartment but we do have some furniture
and we are warming up to it welcoming a
few things back into our life which does
feel really good after the past few
years we've been really on the run on
the go and ago so you can see the whole
evolution kind of on my channel and we
really took everybody along for the ride
with us from being completely lost to
kind of finding ourselves again and just
everything that we've been up to so a
few months in in Europe terror came up
with the idea like hey let's start to
influence a marketing agency when we
were living in Nashville she was able to
collaborate with companies and this
didn't happen anymore in Europe because
influence of marketing doesn't really
existed back then so we decided hey
let's do it let's fill the gap yeah it
was still quite new
especially in Switzerland there were not
a lot of people doing it so we said hey
let's just try it we just have to try it
that's what we're all about so we
decided to make a startup in that
industry so we saw that there was a lack
of knowledgeable people in the field and
we decided hey let's just do it we've
worked with a lot of brands so we
managed to get some clients and even
through my youtube channel we found out
that some people that work in marketing
watch my channel so that led to some
opportunities and we helped those brands
connect with influencers which is really
satisfying when things come together if
you're watching this you probably have
some hope or dream to do something
creative or entrepreneurial with your
life or just being you know a boss
within your 9 to 5 and so you guys
probably encountered many times when
something just seems so big it's like
you got to climb this mountain in order
to get to that hundred K mark YouTube or
to like build an agency during those
times when you know either you have just
like creative block or something seems
too big I mean what do you do just to
get back to like the basics of just
doing it cuz it's paralyzing yeah so for
us a key is just working as a team I
think having somebody on your side can
make it much
easier so I tend to be the more creative
big vision kind of I can see something
like long before it exists type and
you're more the executor right like is a
task and I can like slide it down and
then just go at it and I think that's an
important step you need to have the
person that can be like this is exactly
what we need to do to get there because
if you get too hung up in the big
picture and you don't see what needs to
get done I think that that also isn't
good but the main thing is just to start
and I'm sure you guys have probably
heard this from many people before I
started my youtube channel I wanted to
start a YouTube channel for probably six
to eight months and it took me so long
to start and I don't know why it's just
getting hung up in that wanting to do
something staged and that was probably
my biggest regret and going forward with
everything that we do we try not to get
too stuck in that stage yeah we always
tried to get we always got hung up with
like in perfecting things and then we
reiterate for perfectness you can't you
just need to go at it like you can't
imagine how many times we changed our
business model or ideas our direction
with our agency we started one way but
here now we are a totally different way
a lot of the stuff that you do on your
youtube channel is really like hip it
happening on YouTube right now you know
when it comes to minimalism or just
vegetarianism or being vegan I think
when you do some of those things though
it comes along with a lot of critics
because people have in their brain that
something has to be only this way how do
you deal with that how do you keep your
vision clear when you have those outside
sources hey Tanya yeah it's really tough
especially the main types of videos that
led to my channel growing early on were
the minimalism videos which were really
something that I was passionate about
but I was not expecting so many
minimalism police to come out and say
you're not allowed to wear makeup and
call yourself a minimalist you're not
to own this or do that or say that and
it really actually didn't get to me I
actually have a video on my channel like
I'm I'm done with these minimalism
videos I'm actually happy that I did it
and a lot of people of course said like
oh that means you let the haters get to
you and stuff right but honestly I just
took a break for like six months
I left minimalism out of the titles out
of the thumbnails but I kept the content
exactly the same right and it really
slowed down and I really got a lot more
supportive comments and things like that
and now I use the term minimalism again
in my titles and that's totally chill
there channel is so inspiring they're
inspiring humans to think I met Sarah a
little under two years ago and Nashville
you're just this personally I think I
want to start my youtube channel I was
like okay and then just to see just
remembers going up and you guys being so
adventurous it's been inspiring so go
follow these lovely humans YouTube links
in the description below thanks for
hanging houses it's been fun it was a
fun day thank you so much for tuning in
to this episode of that creative life if
you want to check out some more cool
creative and tech stuff make sure to
subscribe to my channel do you know what
we say around here
what okay oh I dunno wait wait I know it
I don't say okay guys remember to stay
peachy okay
[Music]
you